docs: v2 data engine sharding (#1408)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.13.0/important-notes/_index.md

V2 volumes do not support live upgrades between Longhorn v1.12 patch releases and must be detached before upgrading. Support is planned when upgrading from a Longhorn v1.12 release to a Longhorn v1.13 release.

### Storage Sharding (Experimental)

> Longhorn v{{< current-version >}} introduces storage sharding for the V2 Data Engine as an experimental feature. Instead of keeping a full copy of the volume on each replica, sharding splits a volume into data and parity chunks using erasure coding and distributes them across nodes. A volume can then grow beyond the capacity of a single disk or node while using less disk space for the same fault tolerance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Longhorn v{{< current-version >}} introduces storage sharding for the V2 Data Engine as an experimental feature. Instead of storing a full copy of the volume on each replica, sharding splits the volume into data and parity chunks using erasure coding and distributes them across multiple nodes. This allows a volume to grow beyond the capacity of a single disk or node while using less disk space to achieve the same level of fault tolerance.
```

> Because it is experimental, use it for evaluation and testing only, not for production data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because this feature is experimental, it is intended for evaluation and testing only and is not recommended for production use.
```

> For more information, see [Issue #1061](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/1061) and [Sharding with Erasure Coding](../advanced-resources/v2-data-engine/sharding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Sharding with Erasure Coding](../advanced-resources/v2-data-engine/sharding) and the original GitHub tracking [Issue #1061](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/1061) .
```

Author: Kept as is: every other section on this page uses the same pattern. We can consider recording all sections together when preparing the important notes for the release. WDYT?

Reviewer: Yes, we can do so. Thanks.
